what's going on everybody it's court men
and today in this video I'll be showing
you guys how to get inside the Jovian
complex so before we get in this complex
we're just gonna disturb the remains to
honor master ah alright but once you get
done with that it's totally unnecessary
by the way and you're at Sky Watch
you're gonna find this big nice shit I
didn't even go inside the bottom of it
sometimes is assholes trying to kill you
so just a warning you're gonna clear
these guys out usually people down here
so just a heads up and they like to but
from here you're just gonna go on and
you know you're going to be walking
towards the Jovian complex and this is
where the strike is on the new dark
below DLC and if you want to full
walkthrough that strike i have a link in
the description or it's a previous video
so as you can see when the two of you
doing the Jovian sorry the Jovian
complex and we can't get inside there's
a big ass nose on that big there's a
door in the way and want to go around it
we have to go right here back to Sky
wash because only in sky watch can use
summon ghosts you cannot summon them
anywhere besides in here so x marks the
spot guys we're gonna wall breach this
wall it's this one specifically because
there's land on the other side of it so
you're just going to get into place
where it allows you to summit it you can
usually tell you're going to wall breach
it when all that white stuff glowing
around your ghost disappears so when
that disappears you look at the wall you
just need your close enough but that
means you also got a loud to say able to
summon so once you're like in a spot
like this and it's looking good all that
white stuff around it goes
stomped into the wall and get out for
ghosts or your sparrow sorry I'm used to
halo um after that guys it's pretty
simple from here on the kind of gets get
jerking around the loading zone but if
you mess that up then just go back to
the loading zone to get back to Sky
Watch so what you're going to do is you
can see the door down there jump on the
other side of it and to get into the
Geoghan complex you're going to run over
here and activate a loading zone
recommend sliding it helps me at least
kind of slide under the loading zone
there's anything but yeah once you do
hit a loading zone you'll you know just
Peter right up in the Jovian complex and
just another tip guys uh I was saying if
you just go to that loading zone and
you're not close enough you might spawn
outside the map in the Jovian complex so
if that happens just go back where you
got out of the map go exactly where you
got out of the map it's up to you to
find it it's not that hard and then
you'll hit another loading zone back to
Skywatch and then come back to this
loading zone but once you're inside
you're inside it's a simple
and let's see you know it's pretty cool
in here like there's supposed to be a
lot of enemies in here because this is
actually a strike so don't expect it to
be so empty when the dlc comes out early
on disk expansion comes out but it's
pretty cool i mean this is this has been
found like probably since the beta and
all honesty I just never made it video
of this and then I roster this wasn't
that you know well known so I figured it
was still worth it especially since I've
just made a video of me inside this in
my previous video and didn't have an
explanation of how I got in there so I
figured you guys wanting but that's
about it guys this is where you fight
the boss omni goal and finish him off
and purge him and his spawn from the
earth but yeah i hope you enjoyed this
video if you did please like it if you
haven't already please subscribe and
that's it guys I'll see y'all next time
it's court man peace out
you